Jaipur is in the state of Rajasthan, towards the north-western part of India. Rajasthan shares proximity withGujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, and Haryana.

The best time to visit Jaipur is between the months of October to March, with occasional showers bathing the city’s streets accompanied with snug weather.

The fastest way to reach Jaipur is via the Indira Gandhi International airport in Delhi with an airtime of an hour. Once you reach the Jaipur airport at Sanganer, you could hire a taxi or cab to your desired destination.

When in Jaipur, do not miss out on Hawa Mahal, City Palace, Johari Bazaar and Amber Fort for sight seeing.

Jaipur’s climate ranges from post monsoon charm, the scorching heat of the sun to cooler and pleasant winters.

You will plenty of souvenirs to take back home with you from the bustling bazaars of Jaipur, be it handmade items or old artefacts.

Yes, the city is rather safe. However, we suggest you to be careful while meandering along the busy and bustling bazaars of Jaipur.

Being one of the largest cities in the country, you will surely be able to avail all kinds of services here. Almost all restaurants and hotels provide free Wi-Fi or broadband internet.

Jaipur covers approximately an area of 11117.8 kilometers, making it 4.11% of the area of Rajasthan.

Khamma Ghani Sa is usually said to wish Good Morning or hello in Jaipur. Whereas goodbye is Padhaaro Sa.

Raj Mandir Cinema is a famous movie theater in Jaipur, Rajasthan state (India). Situated on the Bhagwan Das Road, near M.I. Road.Raj Mandir is one of Jaipur's most loved theatres and was established in 1976. Interestingly, this meringue shaped auditorium is also known as the Pride of Asia! You can catch the latest Hindi movies over here when holidaying in Jaipur.

Rajasthani cuisine is a nationwide favourite. Jaipur being one of the major cities and a tourist hub in Rajasthan offers the traditional delicacies in a wide variety. The typical rajasthani cuisine includes popular snacks like Bikaneri Bhujia, Mirchi Bada, Pyaaj Kachoris, Mawa Kachori, Mawa from Alwar, Malpuas etc. Other than them the popular dishes are Daal baati, Rabri, Baali gaati and many more. One of the best option to enjoy these delectables is at Chokhi Dhani.

With three days in Jaipur, you'll have enough time to see its most important palaces and temples, with time left over to explore the celebrated Amber Fort and take a day trip out to Pushkar or the Taj Mahal.

Jaipur, popularly known as the Pink City of India, is the largest city in the state of Rajasthan. Jaipur is the capital of Rajasthan.

Under the rule of Sawai Ram Singh, Jaipur was painted pink, traditionally a colour associated with hospitality, for the grand welcome of Edward, Prince of Wales which is why it is popularly known as the pink city of India. The pink colour is retained even today, and residents have to preserve it.